hi I'm Mary Catherine Gardner of the
south and today we're gonna be planting
kale in a hanging basket it's a great
way to plant your kale so it stays up
above the ground and away from the
critters who love to eat it so much kale
as you know is a great superfood and
people are eating it these days and
their salads or making chips out of it
and it's great to have in your backyard
so you could plant it and eat it right
out of your yard as you can see there's
many different types of kale today I'm
going to be planting some blue kale but
instead of filling this with potting
soil and putting seeds in the top and
having an empty dirt basket I'm gonna
have instead some cold weather
perennials coming out of the bottom of
it so it looks a lot more attractive I
can enjoy the flowers and the gummy kale
the first thing we're gonna do is cut
some holes this is one of those hanging
baskets with their coconut bottom mesh
core just cut some holes in the bottom
of this so you can stick a plan up
through it then I'm gonna take a pansy
these things you can kind of tug one out
pull them right out you just pull this
oil away from the bottom of the plant so
you can fit through your hole and then
stick them in there just give it enough
to where its roots are on the inside
don't that look great now made several
holes in this basket so I'm gonna go
ahead and put the rest of the pansies
then you know these things people always
worry about being too delicate with them
they're pretty Hardy
now it's time to fill it with potting
mix which would be great for this kale
and then plant my seeds this miracle-gro
potting mix is great for growing kale
and even if it's cold outside it'll grow
in fact it really refers to colder
weather so early spring this is a great
time to plant alright now we've got our
seeds always read your instructions on
the back of the packages it'll tell you
how many to plant how far apart and how
much water to give up this tells me to
drop four seeds together in a couple of
different spots so drop a couple here a
couple we're here a couple here and then
I'm just gonna poke them down into the
potting mix cover them up ready to water
and ready to grab you want to make sure
that these stay water not overly water
but just moist and you know if you have
them hanging outside the winter months
are usually pretty wet and you can
probably get enough from the rain water
I'm gonna place this one down here with
the rest of my plan in about sixty days
these guys will look just like that for
this idea and other great ideas go to
gardeners calm and I'll see y'all in the
yard